You have wine.
Oh god, let's not talk about these things right now.
Can you help me find a new set of clothes?
No, you don't either.
Your diamonds are definitely hands.
He said in the crocodile that they colluded together.
Give me a new order.
Give me a new order
Tu Nhuoc did not receive new orders
No new orders
He is a liar.
Alright.
Everyone, don't stop because of this couple.
Meeting girls is a waste of time.
Now I officially announce
Bang Dien and Long Hoan Group
Fuji's signing ceremony for hundreds of billions
Start slow.
Anh Dien Group 100 billion optional orders
Other people.
Who are you?
Therefore, Anh Dien Group is also a messenger.
Truyen Nhi Da issued an order to sign a temporary cooperation agreement.
The second master sent his master to support Lam Tuyen.
In the end, which one is the real girl?
This thing on stage is fake.
He and Rett work together.
Fraud everywhere
Do you believe in a special book?
Or is it temporary to trust someone with a blood relative?
Definitely Lam Nhi family.
Paying in advance obviously means waiting a bit.